Add comment about disabling netpol when flannel-backend=none (#3927)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/installation/network-options/_index.md

### Custom CNI

> Run K3s with `--flannel-backend=none` and install your CNI of choice. Most CNI plugins come with their own network policy engine, so it is recommended to apply `disable-network-policy=true` as well to avoid conflicts. IP Forwarding should be enabled for Canal and Calico. Please reference the steps below.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Run K3s with `--flannel-backend=none` and install your CNI of choice. Most CNI plugins come with their own network policy engine, so it is recommended to set `--disable-network-policy` as well to avoid conflicts. IP Forwarding should be enabled for Canal and Calico. Please reference the steps below.
```

Author: thanks Brad

> Run K3s with `--flannel-backend=none` and install your CNI of choice. Most CNI plugins come with their own network policy engine, so it is recommended to apply `disable-network-policy=true` as well to avoid collisions.  IP Forwarding should be enabled for Canal and Calico. Please reference the steps below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run K3s with `--flannel-backend=none` and install your CNI of choice. Most CNI plugins come with their own network policy engine, so it is recommended to apply `disable-network-policy=true` as well to avoid conflicts. IP Forwarding should be enabled for Canal and Calico. Please reference the steps below.
```
